0.  BMP 32 bits, 4,294,967,296 colours.
    GIF 8 bits, 256 colours.
    JPEG 24 bits, over 16 million possible colours.
    PNG 24 bits, over 16 million possible colours.
1.  GIF
2.  With Loseless compression, every bit of data is is kept in the file after
    it's uncompressed. With lossy compression, it reduces file sizes by deleting
    data that's redundant or that the user may not notice. Lossy is used a lot
    in video and audio files aswell as JPEGS where as Loseless compression would
    be used in text or spreadsheet files as well as GIF and PNG images.
3.  JPEG
4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT system, the OS changes the first character
    of the file in the directory to signal the files been deleted and that the
    directory can be recycled. The system then moves all of the files FAT
    clusters to the HDD's list of free clusters that would allow the user to
    write new data. Until the clusters are overwritten, the actual file data is
    never touched or erased permanetnly. 
5.  You can delete a file securely by overwritting the file with  with ASCII NUL
    bytes (zeroes). You would have to make sure you overwrite every addressable
    block to ensure sanitization. You can download software to perform this task
    such as Cyberscrub or DataScrubber.
6.  Stdint.h is a header file that provides a set of typedefs that specifiy
    exact-width integer types, together with defined maxmium and minimum values
    for each type using macros. 
7.  It allows you to use data in a particular way. It allows anyone to see what
    type of data you expected to compile, uint8_t is an unsigned integer with 8
    bytes.
8.  (8 bits = 1 byte)
    A BYTE is 1 byte.
    A DWORD is 4 bytes.
    A LONG is 4 bytes.
    A WORD is 2 bytes.
9.  The first two bytes must be 0x4d42 as the first two bytes in a BMP is bfType
    and 0x4d42 is the magic number that identifies the file type as a BMP.
10. BfSize is the size in bytes, of the bitmap file.
    BiSize is the number of bytes required by the structure, or the number of
    bytes of the actual BGR image including padding.
11. If biHeight is negative: the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the
    upper-left corner. If top-down, biCompression must be either BI_RGB or
    BI_BITFIELDS. Top-down DIBs cannot be compressed.
12. The biBitCount field of BITMAPINFOHEADER determines the number of bits
    that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap. 
13. fopen may reurn NULL in copy.c:37 if there was an error writing the output
    file and will return an error message and return 3. Reasons may include
    not enough hard drive space.
14. The function fread() reads nmemb elements of data, each size bytes long,
    from the stream pointed to by the stream, storing them in a location given
    by ptr. 
    I think because there's only 1 Bitmap info header, fread  only reads 
    sizeof(BITMAPINFOHEADER) once.
15. 3 % 4 = 1
16. Fseek function sets the file position indicator for the stream pointed to by
    stream. The new position, measured in bytes, is obtained by adding offset
    bytes to the position specified by whence. In copy.c, if there's any
    padding, it is skipped over.
17. If whence is set to SEEK_CUR, the offset is relative to the current position
    indicator. A successful call to the fseek() function clears the end-of-file
    indicator for the stream and undoes any effects of the ungetc(3) function
    on the same stream.
18. Rick Astley.
